asking someone, Um, if their suicidal can be a bit uncomfortable for you
and for maybe that person one way and I believe is a great way to
ask someone is Are you okay? Do you think you're gonna hurt yourself?
Um, that is Ah, very calming way of asking themselves, um, asking
a person if they want If they may, uh, if they feel suicidal or if
they feel like they may commit suicide or hurt themselves. Um, the word
suicidal can be, uh, a little harsh. So changing your Burbage and
saying things like, Are you OK? Um, do you want to be left alone?
Uh, are you safe? Um, do you feel like you may hurt yourself? Or are
you thinking about hurting yourself? Those air, Some of the common
ways and calming ways toe. Ask someone if you feel that they are suicidal.
Sure.